hi I'm Dallas Dickens senior content
producer for star wars the old republic
a new massively multiplayer story driven
game being developed by Bioware and
lucasarts now we've been talking a lot
lately about the fact that this is the
first ever fully voiced MMO but we
wanted to show that to you in action so
we're gonna give you a quick preview of
star wars the old republic the cinematic
conversation system as well as some of
the action-packed star wars combat that
you'll get to experience when you play
the game we're going to show you a few
things here but remember this is a work
in progress you're going to get to see a
couple of character classes a few of our
planets and then a flash point in the
game I hope you enjoy we're going to
start you off here on Hutta with our
bounty hunter class worth pointing out
that this is the first time that Hutta
has ever been fully imagined as a planet
in the Star Wars universe as a bounty
hunter you're here to try and win entry
into the great hunt to contest sponsored
by the Mandalorians to find the greatest
bounty hunter in the galaxy in keeping
with the iconic bounty hunters from the
film's your motivation is personal and
it's mercenary recently we announced
this is the first ever fully voiced FML
what that means is that every player
character both male and female every NPC
everyone you talk with in the game will
have full high-quality vo the guy in
front of you Braden is your mentor he's
the guy who brought you here and is
going to help you win entry into the
great hunt without further ado here's
your first conversation we're almost set
up see if you can't get that security
network running maycomb sure thing
Braden will be hey now indeed the main
attraction has arrived team this is the
man we're pinning all our hopes on best
shot I've ever seen and nerves of steel
it's great hunt material all right what
do you say hunter ready to meet your
team and notice that you're making
decisions here in dialogue remember your
decisions matter
what I'm ready to do is make a pile of
credits man from your same old tree
gmedia panwa credo wonky that's two
things official like this is Mako little
genius I picked up years ago in Nar
Shaddaa she provides Intel and tech
appear as good as the old man says the
big bruiser is Jory he handles the heavy
lifting and provides security for a base
of operations are chua behnke dobra
sawada haba haba otha de naga wonky muli
rah la evil nice to meet you both let's
get to work all right enough
introductions down to business we're
here because the great hunt has been
called little Mako is the most rabid fan
of hunter history this side of Geonosis
and even she doesn't know exactly what
the great hunt entails I do know the
names of every great hunt winner though
blood worthy the defenestrate er Jewel
and I bring her every bounty hunter
who's won a great hunt went on to mass
of glory and riches which is why we're
here
personally I'm just here to kill people
and cause damage there you have it your
first conversation in the Old Republic
all of our conversations are going to be
like that one great dialogue compelling
choices in cinematic digital acting
Bioware has been a leader over the years
and putting real cinematic acting into
our scenes now as we approach the
outside of the plan kutta first going to
wave it somebody that's what you do in
massively multiplayer games it's a good
time to talk about our art style we've
been calling this stylized realism the
idea is to create a world that looks
distinctly star wars that in fact looks
distinctly star wars in the Old Republic
era but is not tied down to photorealism
and I think you're going to see that as
we show you the surface of hudda hudda
is the home of the Hutt's obviously
although it wasn't originally their
planet they moved in they enslaved the
existing population and they turned it
into a bit of a toxic waste dump as you
can see with all the gases and noxious
fumes in the distance you can also see
the palace of nem row the hut he is the
warlord in charge of this particular
section of the planet although in
charges a stretch there's a lot of
gangland violence which we're going to
cause now obviously the bounty hunter is
arranged class he had the blaster at his
side he also has some rockets the idea
here is to make sure that your combat is
as iconic as the story that you're
playing through so you have Rockets you
have a blaster you have some gadget to
your disposal so you can stun someone
with a quick dark there and then if you
get up close even though you prefer
range you take care of it the way a
bounty hunter would it's really nice
flamethrower now notice you're taking on
multiple enemies at once we want to make
sure that the combat feels heroic from
the beginning we're going to be taking
on two three sometimes four enemies at
once again you need to feel like a star
wars hero from the beginning so we can
take on these last two guys here open up
with my son dark
take them out with a flamethrower well
there you have it folks that is the
bounty hunter class on the planet Hutta